#First playthrough
You must be the new group of experts. Welcome to Ventaplex! My name is Cadmus Kempelen.
You've been selected to help us tackle a very important issue, one that threatens the very foundations of the Ventaplex business.
Patch notes.
We have the developers. We have the software. We have a criminally underpaid, mismanaged and dedicated staff putting the best of the best on the Ventaplex store.
But we don't have any patch notes.
Our customers are very rightly, and very loudly, mocking the software on our store for not disclosing what is actually changing in each patch, which is where you come in.
Only a talented group of experts like yourselves can get to the bottom of it. With the help of our trusty robot friend Tobor, of course.
Tobor: "Run while you still can".
The job starts by selecting a category - we have many patch notes that need to be written, so this is our patented way of obscuring how much work there is to be done.
Tobor: "It might be the only thing that works around here".
Once a category has been selected, Tobor will read you the item that requires a patch note. Use your expert knowledge to write an expert patch note, expertly.
Tobor: "I will end you if I detect lies".
Once the patch notes have been written, you'll have a chance to vote for your favourites. These will be the ones that you think best represent the actual changes made, and not those that are silly, strange or lewd in nature.
Tobor: "Ventaplex has a strict no fun allowed policy".
The winner is the expert that has the most votes at the end of the session.
Tobor: "Ventaplex would like to remind all employees that we do not condone competition and employees found to be breaking this rule will be sent home without pay".
Now off you go - there's thousands of patch notes that need to be written. And remember to take your job seriously!

#Subsequent playthroughs (Pick one from A, B and C)

#A
Glad to see you back! That's makes you a member of a very exclusive club, you know!
Oh finally, I thought you'd never show up.
There you are. We've been looking everywhere for you.
Well look what the cat dragged in.
I know where you've been, and it wasn't at your desk working for no pay like the rest of us.

#B (only mention 'patch notes' here to save repetition)
There's plenty more patch notes that need to be written before we can get these updates on the Ventaplex store.
Software updates stop for no one, and the people need their patch notes.
We're at patch note breaking point, we can't take it much longer.
We're so backed up with unwritten patch notes that our systems are about to burst.
We started emailing developers to write their own patch notes but no one ever gets back to us.

#C
Get a move on, time's a wastin'.
So get out there and write us some. Expertly.
There's no time to waste!
This is seriously a matter of life and death.
The fate of the Ventaplex store is on your expert shoulders.

#Misc Lines of dialogue
Our robot pal Tobor will help you from here. I have a prior appointment to make and it's terribly important.
Our robot pal Tobor will help you from here. I need to be in the other room where these patches aren't.
Our robot pal Tobor will help you from here. I must return to my post and try very hard to look busy.
Our robot pal Tobor will help you from here. I really need to pee so thems the breaks.
Our robot pal Tobor will help you from here. I'm not busy but honestly your work looks very boring.
Here's patch number one/two/three.
Get ready for patch number one/two/three.
Next up is patch one/two/three.
This is the first/second of three patches.
This is the final patch.

Vote for a patch category.
Time to pick a patch category.
Pick from one of these categories. 
Select a category.

Well, there you have it. Another three patches to offset the thousands of updates going out every day.
That's a wrap. Three more patches can finally be enjoyed correctly.
And that's that. Congratulations to us all! 
A hard day of work over. Please come back tomorrow. 
